My name is Lucas. I'm living in Houston Texas, and my fiance's name is Kendall. We have 4 cats.

I'm currently between careers actually. I spent the past 7 years as a software engineer and engineering manager, and I've recently "retired" from working because I can live off my Bitcoin stack. I'm looking to build a software tool called superleader that will help entrepreneurs build their network in a meaningful and deep way. Unlocking their network analytics. Additionally, I have some friends that are working on building an investment firm to invest in Bitcoin.

I look up to folks like Steve Jobs & Elon Musk from the perspective of the designing systems. I look to Warren Buffet for long term investment thinking. I admire folks like Osho, Sadhguru, and Ram Dass, The yoga Sutras for Spiritual inspiration. I believe the world needs more human centric design, slowing down, and more Bitcoin to fix the things that fiat broke.

I'd like to build the systems that will allow me to scale to the next level and take care of my family. I intend to have at least 1 to 2 kids. I hope to have at least 1 or 2 vehicles that will allow cash flows to support my family and by extension my mother. I may move to College Station in the near future to be closer to my mom, but still up in the air. I really want to deepen my skills in interpersonal communication, pitching, and becoming a power connector bringing people together. I also hope to finish the entire series on the Light on Yoga.... maybe.

I am most proud of the startup that I built back in the day, the Bitcoin I've stacked, my wife, and family life. I'm grateful for my body, and the life that I have. I know that I excel at building relationships, connecting with people, designing human centric systems and knowing what's good feng shui in a design. I'm good at math science, and physics. There's probably more, but we'll go with that for now.

At the moment, I want to simply meet more people that are aligned with my values and have them close in my life. This means finding folks that are long term thinkers, family & community oriented, and want to build a better world for the future. They're calm, cool, and collected. I'm currently in Cypress Texas and this suburb doesn't feel like it lends itself well to finding those types of people. I also would love to find local mentors that could help me in my journey... I'm not exactly sure who those could be, but I'd love to learn from Commercial Real Estate Developers, Family Office officers, political / government folks that are in Real Estate or developing economic opportunities for the local community.

I'm currently taking dance lessons with my fiance. I attend local Bitcoin meetups. I'm helping my friend with the Houston AI meetup. Asides from that, I'm not really actively involved in any particular ecosystems or organizations.
